ok how does that work in that
gearboxes in that engine and me
I still do wonder tool just a question of
yes the clutch is not kicking what
happens then or what do I feel now
exactly through this image
I explain very clearly what is there
actually happened like you for example
kick a clutch or a little one
chat
I can show very clearly too
ultimately how that drive
ultimately what comes about
happens and whatever you have learned
are slipping away
link and so on
well I'm going to tell something about it again
the first thing you see that is on this
The picture is that it is in its free position
yes as here the boat is free
the engine runs no that tour the third
there are 800 rpm
maria it's not in the region that comes
because of course he is not in his
gear state
link is up as you see all of you
may the linking and releasing show yes see
you can then just turn it up
not finish at times when the link
go down stairs
as we see here he has it when you have it
there is no contact
see that is empty with the gear and the
engine in this are clutch plates
so if you go that link now
kicking in stupid is dramatic and then
happens as follows nose and therefore kicked in
this tank clutch plates go out
each other
where I still have no contact with one
speed box honor that ok and you go
miss a move so a stick
put in his do but once yes then have
you put the gear together
for him the connection to the
clutch plate
in each other
as have compared this in pictures
so then put in his well
we go there as the starting point
let stand
so if the link up nature later
yes we are going to these two plates
towards each other yes and so it
drive sprint and let it stand
let the clutch go up quietly
and then will also connect then the
connection between the engine and
the gearbox which ultimately
so drive to the wheels
So if you are in it is one drives up
or gently what you just asked of him
I now inhibit that the head does not enter
what happens then he sees he stays
then keep in touch with the engine through which
which of course catches on at the moment that
you are going to brake
yes you want to stay but drive
and that of course was not possible
kicks you in there so the clutch again
link
and said plate apart kicks and has
no more connection between it
an engine and gearbox and so that
what is actually quite a while yes
simply said happens in the engine
in other words
and the gearbox yes well okay well me
hope that is a bit clear that is
not really very good to see on it
picture
at least celebrate the film then on so
assuming the book is very good to play
see
and you can also do this again
look again on youtube patient
finds interesting
happens later and I think there is one
people here have something to
yes well ok where will we continue?